README.md, before:

# camera-interface
Camera Detector Controller Interface Software

## Requirements:

 - Cmake 3.12 or higher
 - cfitsio and CCFits libraries (expected in /usr/local/lib)
 
### For ARC controllers,
  - g++ 8.3 (and c++17)
  - ARC API 3.6 and Arc66PCIe driver
 
### For Archon
 - g++ 4.8 or higher (and c++11)

## Build instructions:

 - edit the CMakeLists.txt file to un-comment ONE of the following two lines
 according to the controller interface you are using:

```
set(INTERFACE_TYPE "Archon")
#set(INTERFACE_TYPE "AstroCam")
```

 - if your software is installed in a directory other than ~/Software/camera-interface
 then change the following line:

```
set(PROJECT_BASE_DIR $ENV{HOME}/Software/camera-interface)
```

 - change to the build directory

 - To start with a clean build, delete the contents of the build
   directory, including the subdirectory CMakeFiles/, 
   but not the `.gitignore file`. For example:
   
```
   % cd build
   % rm -Rf *
```

 - create the Makefile by running cmake (from the build directory),

```
   % cmake ..
```

- compile the sources,

```
   % make
```

 - run the program,

```
   % ../bin/cameraserver <file.cfg>
```   

   where <file.cfg> is an appropriate configuration file. See the example .cfg files
   in this distribution.

 - Note that only when INTERFACE_TYPE is set to Archon will the emulator software
 be compiled.

---

David Hale <dhale@astro.caltech.edu>

Commit message:

** NO CODE CHANGES, ONLY RE-STRUCTURING **
No code changes since the last commit.  This commit changes only
the structure of the directories and in some cases the names of
files, so that it might fit more readily into other projects. In
particular, this reorganization allows for better code sharing of
modules such as network, logentry, etc.

The CMakeLists.txt files did have to change, of course.

dh

	modified:   CMakeLists.txt
	renamed:    astrocam.cfg -> Config/astrocam.cfg
	renamed:    cameraserver.cfg -> Config/cameraserver.cfg
	modified:   README.md
	new file:   camerad/CMakeLists.txt
	renamed:    src/archon.cpp -> camerad/archon.cpp
	renamed:    include/archon.h -> camerad/archon.h
	renamed:    src/astrocam.cpp -> camerad/astrocam.cpp
	renamed:    include/astrocam.h -> camerad/astrocam.h
	renamed:    src/server.cpp -> camerad/camerad.cpp
	renamed:    include/server.h -> camerad/camerad.h
	renamed:    src/common.cpp -> camerad/common.cpp
	renamed:    include/common.h -> camerad/common.h
	new file:   emulator/CMakeLists.txt
	renamed:    src/emulator-archon.cpp -> emulator/emulator-archon.cpp
	renamed:    include/emulator-archon.h -> emulator/emulator-archon.h
	renamed:    src/emulator-server.cpp -> emulator/emulator-server.cpp
	renamed:    include/emulator-server.h -> emulator/emulator-server.h
	deleted:    include/.gitignore
	deleted:    include/arc64.h
	deleted:    include/arc66.h
	new file:   lib/.gitignore
	new file:   utils/CMakeLists.txt
	renamed:    include/build_date.h -> utils/build_date.h
	renamed:    include/config.h -> utils/config.h
	renamed:    include/daemonize.h -> utils/daemonize.h
	renamed:    include/fits.h -> utils/fits.h
	renamed:    src/logentry.cpp -> utils/logentry.cpp
	renamed:    include/logentry.h -> utils/logentry.h
	renamed:    src/network.cpp -> utils/network.cpp
	renamed:    include/network.h -> utils/network.h
	renamed:    src/utilities.cpp -> utils/utilities.cpp
	renamed:    include/utilities.h -> utils/utilities.h

README.md, after:

# camera-interface
Camera Detector Controller Interface Software

## Requirements:

 - Cmake 3.12 or higher
 - cfitsio and CCFits libraries (expected in /usr/local/lib)
 
### For ARC controllers,
  - g++ 8.3 (and c++17)
  - ARC API 3.6 and Arc66PCIe driver
 
### For Archon
 - g++ 4.8 or higher (and c++11)

## Build instructions:

 - edit the toplevel CMakeLists.txt file to un-comment ONE of the following two lines
 according to the controller interface you are using:

```
set(INTERFACE_TYPE "Archon")
#set(INTERFACE_TYPE "AstroCam")
```

 - change to the build directory

 - To start with a clean build, delete the contents of the build
   directory, including the subdirectory CMakeFiles/, 
   but not the `.gitignore file`. For example:
   
```
   % cd build
   % rm -Rf *
```

 - create the Makefile by running cmake (from the build directory),

```
   % cmake ..
```

- compile the sources,

```
   % make
```

 - run the program using one of these forms, 

```
   % ../bin/camerad <file.cfg>
   % ../bin/camerad -f <file.cfg>
   % ../bin/camerad -d -f <file.cfg>
```   

   where <file.cfg> is an appropriate configuration file. See the example .cfg files
   in the Config directory of this distribution. Note that the -f option specifies 
   a config file and the -d option forces it to run as a daemon, overriding any 
   DAEMON=no setting in the configuration file.

 - Note that only when INTERFACE_TYPE is set to Archon will the emulator software
 be compiled.

---

David Hale <dhale@astro.caltech.edu>
